 Hi, I'm Steve Clements and I have a question. With no clear end in sight to the war in Iran, a worsening situation for the Palestinians, and a bleeding ulcer in Lebanon, where is the US-Israeli strategy to reshape the Middle East really heading? Let's get to the bottom line. Bouncing between diplomacy and threats of war, Iran and the US remain deadlocked on how to end their conflict. Iran offered to reopen the Strait of Hormuz if the US lifted its naval blockade and delayed talks on Iran's nuclear program, but the US turned the offer down. So the global economy still hangs in the balance. In Lebanon, despite a ceasefire, at least on paper, Israel continues its attempt to achieve total victory over Hezbollah and other resistance groups, as it has for the past four decades. When the US and Israel decided to attack Iran two months ago, it was an attempt to reshape the Middle East definitively, once and for all. But what exactly has really been achieved? Today we're talking with Daniel Levy, a former advisor to the Israeli government and the president of the US-Middle East project. And you got to check out his writings, which you can see at his substat site. Daniel, thanks so much for joining us today. Let me just start out. I am in Washington. I talk to Republicans, talk to Democrats, talk to people in the administration. And the sense of this town about President Trump's approach is he sort of believed that this would be a cakewalk. That it would be easy, you take out a few people, Iran does what he wants, and you can put it all back into a box. But Israel is looking at its partner, particularly Prime Minister, Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, who was a very active agent in this. But I'm interested in how he sees, that prime minister sees, whether or not you can put this region back in the box, or if that's even what he wants. There are still those, I think, including those on the Israeli side and inside the administration, who are telling the president just one more escalation, one more major military operation and Iran will capitulate, you can walk away the winner. That's not going to be what happens if indeed the US does choose to escalate. What Israel has witnessed is a few things. Primarily that they have to double down in trying to keep America in this war. Because what Netanyahu wants is maximum degradation to induce state collapse, chaos, another dismantled failed state in the region. And they haven't gotten to that. And the Israeli predictions that they shared very openly with the Americans, apparently, of that this would be easy, haven't been borne out. And so, of course, Trump won't acknowledge that he was duped. He won't acknowledge failure. And the Israelis hope that that will be a key ingredient in pulling the US back into this war. This is not playing that well in Israel, because what we have seen is that Israel tried to collapse any regional belief in resistance. And it's gone the other way. And by the way, that's true with Iran and to a significant degree in Lebanon as well. Now you have an effort, which is really interesting to watch, of efforts by Jared Kushner and Whitcoff in negotiations off and on with Iran in Pakistan, where Israel's not at the table. You can feel palpably the discomfort in Prime Minister Netanyahu's comments about it, the terse-ness of it, that he dislikes being shoved to the edge of the table when it comes to this as he sees Trump trying to bring this to a close. What are the tools he has to keep this regional effort to redesign the region around Israel's preferences? What are the other tools he can bring to bear? So, Netanyahu has a number of tools that he can bring to bear. And the very people who are at the table, I think, could be described as tools in that respect and perhaps in more than one respect. Or you mentioned Jared Kushner, for instance. But it's not just that if Israel isn't at the table, is Israel represented? Because I think it is. The American officials, the American system, is so marinated in Israeli narratives and talking points that even when they try to articulate a US position, it's often indistinguishable from what an Israeli position is. Obviously, Netanyahu has multiple points of entry and of access to senior officials, to the president, et cetera. Netanyahu also has a role in terms of what happens on the ground, what kinds of provocations might the Israelis put into play. Lebanon, there is what is, we are told, is a ceasefire, but Israel remains inside Lebanese territory, is destroying Lebanese villages every day. Thirty-two Lebanese, including rescue workers killed by Israeli military action. So Israel and Netanyahu can try and heat things up in the region as well. That is where Netanyahu hopes that in trying to define the terms of any agreement in a place that intentionally cannot be reached, he undermines the prospects of a deal. But as you say, Steve, you can also find yourself in a place I don't think we're necessarily there yet. I think that logic currently prevails, but you could find yourself in a place where the US says, we're going to take a realistic position on a deal. It may not be a deal Israel likes, but we're going to go for a deal. And if it does so, again, I'm skeptical, but if it does so, then America can lay down the terms with Israel. What we know is that whether at the end of that 12-day operation in June, whether the US tells Israel, Lebanon is included, that America has the leverage. It's always had the leverage. It chooses not to use it. Of course, even when Israel is told, desist, that they will try and look at what's the wiggle room, what's the maneuverability to continue in Gaza, for instance, we still see that after the so-called ceasefire was declared, over 800 Palestinians are killed. There are Palestinian fatalities from Israeli attacks every day. I think a key element of this, which you've written about, and a really fascinating and I think important article titled, What Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli Right Really Mean When They Invoke Greater Israel, is really what is the strategy over all of these conflicts? I'm interested in what you see as the ultimate ambition of Israel, and what does greater Israel mean in this context? Right. Thank you, Steve. Quite often, that term is narrowly defined territorially, and clearly there is a territorial component. It begins central to the entire project, is the Palestinian expanse, making sure there is nothing that remains of any kind of Palestinian collective national existence, hence the moves towards ethnic cleansing, hence everything we've seen in Gaza, the most aggressive actions in the West Bank. It begins with that territorial expansionism, but greater Israel, as it is being attempted, means much more than that. Netanyahu has taken to describing Israel not just as a regional superpower, but in key respects a global superpower. Days before, and that's what I was referring to here, days before the launching of this war by Israel and bringing America into it, the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was in Israel, and Netanyahu, in a cabinet meeting leading up to that visit, said we're building what he called this hexagon of alliances. And central to that, and placing Israel as the key power in this kind of hub and spokes arrangement, central to that is that Israel be surrounded by countries that fall into two categories, either states that are sufficiently internally collapsed, failed, fragile to pose any challenge to Israel. Not only has Israel fed into creating that, of course we see what happened with Iraq, we see Lebanon, we see Syria, that's what they're intending in Iran. But a second category is states that exist but are co-optible, that are not going to challenge Israel because Israel manages to create relations of dependency. We've heard in recent days of how Israel sent defensive equipment, and it seems that Israeli troops were operating from Emirati soil to the UAE, and the Israeli vision was that they could pull more of the Gulf into that arrangement, more of the GCC states. Israel has tried and in many ways succeeded in creating relations of dependency with Jordan, with Egypt, and that therefore the surrounding countries outside of the immediate Levant, West Asia region would look at this and say, we're going to make common cause with Israel as well, hence that hexagon. The question is whether this is succeeding. It's an ambitious project, it's a project where Israel is saying right now we're in a very fluid geopolitical moment. Let's maximize our domination with American power at our disposal. Maybe it won't be there indefinitely, so let's use it now before we lose it. Let's try and create in this moment of fluidity maximum Israeli domination. However, at the same time this looks like a project that is bumping up against overreach, that is bumping up against its own extremism and maximalism, because it's hard for states to accept that Israel will humiliate them, will do what it does on the Palestinian front, for instance, and will act in ways that look like a country that says, this is our neighborhood and you're just living in our neighborhood, a neighborhood we can control. The political cultural signals that Israel sends, the way it talks, the way it acts, the way it bombs a capital like Beirut, the way it acts on Al-Aqsa, the holy center of Jerusalem where there is the mosque on the holy compound there, the way it conducts itself is not making it easy to achieve this ambition. And what this war has shown is that resistance is alive and kicking and perhaps more popular than it was prior to the war. I think there was a narrative that the Abraham Accords were changing the dynamics of the region of potential, not just recognition of Israel, but partnership with Israel across the board. There is a new poll, and I want to look to it, that looks across the Arab world and public health, where 87 percent of those polled in the Arab Opinion Index oppose recognizing Israel, 7 percent declined to answer, 6 percent support. It's rare to see such overwhelming numbers against this, but it also raises an interesting question for me, because we talk to a lot of Arab elites. I do too, you do too. We see them around, where I think that's not in fact there. I don't have the numbers, but I see a lot of governments, I see a lot of people that I would call the strategic class in the region that are much more prone and likely to recognize Israel, to want to partner with Israel along these arrangements, which tells me there's a staggering divide between elites and the broader public. I'm interested in your take. Yeah, and that's a remarkable poll, Stephen. As you say, you don't see that level of uniformity of opinion on many questions in many places. And maybe it's worth just going back a little bit to answer your question about that elite publics divide, because in many ways what we are experiencing is what has happened when Israel got to yes with the regional leadership, with the Palestinian leadership. I mean, if you remember, Egypt does a separate deal. The Palestinians were ready in the late 1980s, except a Palestinian mini state. On half the land that was offered in the UN partition plan, they recognize Israel at Oslo. Then the entire Arab League and later the organization of the Islamic Conference with the Arab Peace Initiative says we accept and recognize Israel. Integration as long as you just withdraw to the 1967 borders, accepting Israel's expulsion of Palestinian refugees, accepting the Nakba, accepting Israel's extension of its territory in 1948, well beyond the partition borders of the pre-decolonization UN. So Israel gets to yes and chooses not to take yes for an answer. Apparently any kind of recognition of collective Palestinian national rights and aspirations was too much for the Zionist project that's practiced in Israel. And so as that gulf, as that divide develops between a willingness to say yes to Israel, taken to its extremes in the Abraham Accords, but Israel not wanting to integrate itself with the region. Israel wanting to pursue a project of domination, not integration. That has made it increasingly untenable for elites to follow that path because they know how deeply unpopular it is with their own publics. And remember, this is a public that has been watching a live streamed genocide for the last two and a half years with what Israel has done in Gaza. And it feels like something is going to have to come to a head in terms of that schism, that divide between what they were willing to accept, but what Israel insists on pursuing and where the publics are. And that's why you see, for instance, that at the public level, people want to see their states, their governments taking a more robust position vis-a-vis Israel. And the fact that you're seeing again this fallout between the UAE and Saudi Arabia, for instance, I think poses a real question as to which direction things will go in. Do you think this rupture and the, do you think that the Iran conflict and Israel's influence here and the, in a way, the making of a strategic choice or the seduction of a strategic choice from the US president changes the future? Does it create a rupture in Israel's ability to do this with future administrations or do you expect this to kind of continue? Well, look, there are a series of choices that the region itself will have to make in terms of how it views its positionality in relation to an Israel that has demonstrated that it is a destabilizing, radicalizing, attempting domination factor in the region. And the Gulf especially and the rest of the region has seen that America will rush into war with Israel against the existential interests of its other top tier allies in the region. So they're going to have to work out the consequences of that. Then there is the America-Israel side of the equation. And the big question is, and we've looked at our public opinion, but we could just as easy look at American public opinion, not quite as lopsided, but the trend line is dramatic, as you know, Steve, in terms of how Israel is losing the American public pretty much across the board and especially among younger demographics. So the question there becomes whether that translates into an actual shift in policy. Israel has very tried and tested tools for trying to keep American governmental policy on side with what Israel wants. And Israel has been given a very permissive environment for decades in which to operate in the region by the US. Does Israel think that even if public opinion is going on that journey, it can still use those tools? And we see friends of Israel in the Ellison family buying up American new media and legacy media. We of course see the role of campaign finance expenditures, but we see some real changes. And Israel might be looking at this and saying, we don't have much longer where we can get America to do our bidding in this kind of wholly exaggerated way. Let's try and lock in our domination while we still have that capacity with America, because you have three trends that are simultaneous here. Israel is becoming more dependent on the US. Israel is becoming less popular with voting Americans. And America itself is in decline in terms of its global position. All of those are highly impactful for Israel's future. And another part of the dynamic right now is that both Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's coalition and President Trump's Republicans are both facing elections within the next six months. How do you think this affects the dynamic, particularly the performative dynamic of coming to a different equilibrium now in the region? Do you see them hardening, becoming more unrealistic, more combative as they go in? Does that help them? Or does a peace track or a different equilibrium of ceasefire, if you will, enable both to do better at the polls? So there may well be divergence again here, Steve. The census that the closer one gets to midterms and the closer the election dynamic comes to the fore, the more likely we are to see President Trump move away from this war, whether that's in negotiation, unlikely perhaps, or whether that's in declaring victory and walking away, perhaps thinking he escalates once more before declaring victory. But those scenarios, I think, become more likely. On the Israeli side, I think we're in a very different place. The elections are due to take place in just under six months on October 27. Netanyahu, in his current predisposition, in his permanent war leader status and with his current coalition, shows no interest in dialing down on any of the war fronts, not on the Lebanon front with Hezbollah, not in Gaza, where we may see another escalation, not in the West Bank, where there's an ongoing campaign of destruction and displacement, and not in Iran if he has anything to do with making that decision. Unfortunately, what we also have to be aware of is that the alternatives wading in the wings in the election were Netanyahu to fail to put together the next Israeli governing coalition are not offering anything by way of an alternative and a different policy in its fundamentals towards the Palestinians, towards the region. And that's quite astonishing that, after all this time, you don't have any kind of viable alternative. But perhaps that's because we're seeing the endgame of this Zionist project playing out in some ways. Daniel, I want to show you a tweet from the Turkish president. He says, to those who see themselves as giants in the mirror, I just want to say this. Guys, you only take up as much space as your actual size. Is there something brewing between Netanyahu and Erdogan that we ought to be worried about? Yes, but this is going to play out over time. So if I cast back to that depiction I gave you of the region, Steve, in terms of the two categories of state that Israel wants, it's hard to do either to Turkey, a NATO member, the strongest military outside of Israel in that region, a significant power, and one that is going to be difficult to break apart and one that is going to be difficult to fragment. And Israel has started talking about Turkey in the same way that it used to talk, and it still does, but for decades talked about Iran as it built up the American support and the internal consensus and tried to challenge Iran to get to the moment we are in now. So I think what you will see is in all kind of arena, part of the storyline will be an Israel-Turkiah storyline. In the whole of Africa, Israel recognizes Somaliland. Turkey doubles down on its relationship with Somalia. Inside Syria, most obviously, Israel pushes to have influence where Turkiah is obviously very close to the new Syrian leadership. This is undoubtedly part of the story of the Iran war, is to see whether Israel can remove Turkey's strategic depth and isolate Turkey in the region if it can collapse Iran, have Iranian chaos spill over into surrounding states of which Turkiah is one. We saw Israel trying to bring armed Kurdish groups into the Iran war equation, trying to pull the Gulf in its direction and therefore leaving Turkey without allies. Turkiah has, in the meantime, done its own work. It is now part of a grouping with Pakistan, Egypt, and Saudi that have met on a number of occasions. It's unclear where that grouping will go, but if it does take on a greater dimension, if they look at security cooperation, if they look at interoperability, then that will be the response to Israel's effort at domination. So there is an awful lot to play for. This is at the moment on a trajectory of ever greater tension, but I think we're in the relatively early days of this. Well, we'll have to leave it there. Thank you so much. Daniel Levy, president of the U.S. Middle East Project, really appreciate your candor and you joining us today. It's a great pleasure to be with you, Steve, always. So what's the bottom line? George Orwell, in his dystopian classic 1984, wrote, war is not meant to be won. It is meant to be continuous. Permanent war, which Israel seemed to be engaged in, becomes defining. It becomes foundational, becomes an artificial strategy used by the ruling party to maintain power rather than to actually achieve victory. Sure, there are some Israelis who don't support permanent conflict and who would like to live in peace. The antithesis of that view really is permanent conflict in the region. And that warps a society and its institutions. And it creates conditions where an equilibrium of safety and security just will never be satisfied. The United States has long resisted becoming a full participant in that narrative, though it has enabled it and it's given it lip service. But it also has constrained it. That's not the case now. America has turned into an active participant in fueling a flame of torment and conflict and death that won't ever go out on its own. Welcome to the future, one where security concerns and fear are just going to disrupt all progress. And that's the bottom line.