 As President Trump weighs his next move against Iran, he is touting the success that the blockade is having on crippling its economy. Listen here. Venezuela was amazing, but now we're doing essentially it's larger, but we're doing essentially the same thing in Iran. We can't let Iran have a nuclear weapon. And their economy is crashing. The blockade is incredible. The power of the blockade is incredible. They're not getting any money from oil. And hopefully it can be worked out very soon. The Big Money Show co-host Taylor Riggs joins me now, and Taylor, energy prices are sky high right now. Brent Crude 126 a barrel, gas 430 a gallon right now. Definitely something that the President has to contend with. I'm going to ask you the same question that Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell asked in his press conference on Wednesday, which is, right now Americans are still spending. They are. How long can that continue with energy prices continuing to increase? Yeah, TBD. I think the President is banking on the fact, and I agree with it, that we can last longer than the Iranians can. They have 40 to 50 percent inflation and their economy is crashing and their currency is worthless. And yes, if we continue the economic blockade, then they have to start shedding in their oil wells in the next to 10 to 20 to 30 days. So we can last longer than they can. Jay Powell mentioned this, and I also agree. Higher oil prices actually is deflationary, not inflationary, because it crowds out other disposable income. And so it is demand destruction. It means I pull back in other ways because gas is crowding out my spending. And so the price of everything else comes down because the consumer pulls back. That's why a lot of people think that this is not inflationary. It is a one time or maybe even deflationary at best. So TBD earnings so far have been incredible and consumers are still spending yesterday. Royal Caribbean came out and they said people are still spending at premium prices. So we're not seeing change in behavior just yet. Maybe we'll give it another couple months. Yeah, President Trump is on the road continuing to tout his economic achievements in the villages today. And he's specifically talking about these retirement accounts that we talked about earlier in the show that help low income workers who don't have access to a 401k or a typical matching retirement account that you'd get through your employer. Listen to the president and then we'll get your opinion on it on the other side. I'm thrilled to sign a historic executive order expanding access to high quality retirement savings accounts for millions of Americans in my state of the union earlier this year. I promise to make these same types of retirement accounts enjoyed by the federal employees available to all Americans. So that's what we're doing. All right. So this program involves a $1,000 annual federal match for low income workers. This helps small business owners or the drivers. How big of a deal is this? I love this. There's economic and then political ramifications from the economic standpoint. I love this. We need to get people off of the dependency on big government and then start investing in themselves and becoming financially free. This is one way to do that. We all have access to a 401k. There is no reason why other people in the private sectors, many 26 million Americans, I believe it was, don't have access to something like this. I love it. It helps them save and it encourages financial responsibility. From a political perspective, also good because the Democrats love people being dependent on the government. They don't want you to be self financially secure because then you're not dependent on big government socialism. This helps reduce dependency on the government, which I love. The Democrats don't want that. They want you dependent on them so they can stay in power. I want everyone to feel financially secure, have that financial freedom. And I think hopefully this is one step on our way to doing that. Another step earlier in the year, Trump launched the Trump accounts to help get everybody involved. I'm a recipient of that. My daughter is. We love it. Love it. All right, Taylor, thank you so much. And you can catch the big money show weekdays at 12 p.m. Eastern time on Fox Business. Carly. Good stuff. Don't want to miss that one. Must see TV.