 Hey there, I'm Scott McLean. This is Counting the Cost on Al Jazeera, your look at the world of business and economics. Pump more oil or switch to wind, solar power and electric cars. The Iran war is threatening energy security worldwide. But will the conflict accelerate or derail the energy transition? The war is boosting America's status as an energy exporting powerhouse. And now the UAE is quitting OPEC. So is the oil cartel losing its grip? And is the global energy order being reshaped? The biggest threat to energy security in history. That is how the Iran war is being described by the International Energy Agency. It's forcing governments to rethink where their supplies come from and how dependent they are on volatile regions. And the market is already shifting. US energy exports have hit record highs. The United Arab Emirates is quitting the OPEC oil cartel. So as the world adjusts to the disruption and the strain of horror moves, what comes next? For many, the answer is clear. As fossil fuels grow more expensive and subject to wild swings, renewables are becoming harder to ignore. Once installed, solar panels and wind turbines work regardless of geopolitical instability, but not regardless of the weather. Fenton Monaghan looks closer. The energy crisis has led many nations to a major crossroads. Do they seek new oil and gas supplies for more reliable sources like the United States? Or do they go all in on a transition to renewable energy, a sector dominated by China? 20 percent of the world's oil and gas once flowed through the Strait of Hormuz, but those exports have effectively ground to a halt due to the Iran war. With prices now soaring, the search is on for stable alternatives. I believe there will be a major response to this crisis as well on the energy side. And we are more fortunate now than 50 years ago because we have now many available technologies with us which are cost effective. Times in renewables is already surging. And China has positioned itself as a powerhouse of an energy revolution. Beijing has invested hundreds of billions of dollars building up its renewable energy sector, far more than any of its rivals. As a result, it now controls at least 60 percent of the global market in most renewable technologies. China also produces as much as 70 percent of all electric cars worldwide. And that massive supply capacity is now meeting a surge in global demand. Worldwide EV sales are up 75 percent in March compared to a month before, with much of that new demand coming from Europe and Asia. Demand for solar technology is also spiking, with Chinese exports doubling in March. But while investment in renewables may be surging, so too is the search for alternative suppliers of fossil fuels. As you've heard me say many times, we have more liquid gold under our feet than any nation on Earth and by far. And now I fully authorize the most talented team ever assembled to go and get it. It's called Drill Baby Drill. Long before the Iran war, the Trump administration had already begun ramping up oil and gas production. It hit record levels in 2025, and there are plans to increase production even further in the coming years. There's also been a shift away from alternative energy. The Trump administration has paid energy companies to switch from renewable projects to oil and gas. The United States is a net exporter of energy. And since the Iran war broke out, the amount of crude oil sold abroad has climbed by a third to a record 5.2 million barrels a day. Each of this new demand is coming from Asia. Japan, South Korea and Taiwan were all heavily reliant on energy imports from the Gulf. They're now looking to the United States to make up the shortfall. The new landscape of global energy supply is still undecided. But China and the United States are both seeking to shape it, with very different visions for the future. Fintan Monaghan, Al Jazeera, for Counting the Cost. Alright, let's discuss this further with our panelists from Oxford in the United Kingdom. We're joined by Jan Rosenau. He's the leader of the energy program and professor of energy and climate policy at the Environmental Change Institute at the University of Oxford. Vandana Hari is founder and CEO of Vanda Insights, a consultancy focused on global energy markets. And she joins us from Singapore and from Riyadh. We're joined by John Svakianakis, chief economist at the Gulf Research Center. Thank you all for being here. Jan, we'll start with you. Certainly this war has exposed the fact that the world is very reliant on the Middle East for a lot of things, but primarily for energy. So I wonder if this conflict is going to mark a permanent shift in where our energy comes from or when this is all over, are things just going to go back to normal? It's really hard to predict. We have seen, of course, very similar situation just four years ago. In that case, Europe was much more affected than other parts of the world, but it sent ripple effects to the global economy. What we have seen is a very similar pattern, actually, where in the short term there's been a lot of diversification of supply and indeed a lot of the LNG that we now get from the Gulf States, that was ramped up in response to Russian pipeline gas no longer being available in the same quantities. We've also seen a surge in renewables, but that has not persisted in quite the same way as some people might have predicted four years ago. So as prices come down, the political pressure then eases and quite a few countries have actually reverted some of the policies that they started in 2022. So I wouldn't be so sure that this has done a deal for renewables. Certainly the signs are pointing in the right direction for renewables, but this is certainly not something that will necessarily be a permanent shift. Vanna, what do you think? Permanent shift or just a blip on the radar? So I agree with Jan. Look, where I sit here in Asia, 80% of crude imports needs of the region are met by the Middle Eastern countries. When we say, will they look for other ways in terms of ensuring the energy supply security, the region, especially the major consumers and importers in the region, China, India, have already been moving in that direction, especially through the geopolitical turmoil that has intensified in recent years. So they have been trying to enlarge and diversify the energy baskets. And they have also been trying to diversify the sources of crude. But to my mind, whether they go for a radical shift away from the Middle Eastern suppliers, I think will also hinge a great deal on what sort of a peace we come into after, as and when this war ends, does the threat, the risk of Iran using the Strait of Hormuz and the blockade as a constant pressure point against Israel and the US, does that persist into the future? I think that will guide quite a bit of the decisions in this region. But at the end of the day, when you are dependent on a region for 80% of your crude needs, it is not easy to diversify. John, you're here in the Gulf region alongside us. I wonder, is this fundamental or is this region still going to be king when it comes to our energy makeup in the future? Well, first of all, thank you for the invitation. I think that we are experiencing a unique crisis and nothing will stay the same from here on. I think that there will be new changes that are brought because of the crisis, the nature of the crisis. This is a historic supply crisis and the region never expected it. For instance, I would say that the region will need to rethink how it doubles down and how it caters for the demand. I agree that demand will still be maintained for the next 10 years and demand has been increasing every year. Now we are at global demand for oil at 103 to 104 million barrels and incrementally it has been going up every year between half a million to a million something barrels per day. So that has to come from somewhere. The most reliable source is the Gulf countries and the most reliable and cheaper source is Iran, Saudi Arabia, UAE. When it comes to LNG, the world discovered that Qatar is central and it's so important for Qatar to be there. The base for the energy will continue for some time to come from oil. However, as the Gulf thinks how they're going to diversify away from the street of Hormuz because that is a major issue, the world and specifically Asia will continue to decarbonize. And yes, I agree. It's going to take far longer than what politicians go out and talk about. Post-COVID and I agree with Jan, many statements were made that they're going to decarbonize Europe, the US, Asia. It became an issue how fast they were going to decarbonize and they quickly realized that they cannot. But the Asian countries have to think of alternative sources and renewables has been the secret of the sauce. It has been producing reliable energy for many of these countries. So I think nothing remains the same. It is a big revolution for the world of energy. Yeah. And certainly Asian countries especially are very reliant on this region for their energy needs. Guys, hit pause for a second on this conversation because they just want to set up our next topic, which is that the United Arab Emirates is leaving OPEC and OPEC plus. It is the oil cartels third largest producer. OPEC's membership has varied since its formation, but it's made up of a dozen major oil producers. Together, they influence global prices by setting production quotas. In 2016, the US shale oil boom led to a steep drop in prices to reassert influence. OPEC expanded its alliance to include producers like Russia in what's now known as OPEC plus. But cracks have emerged. Qatar, Ecuador and Angola have all left in recent years. The UAE is the latest, but it may not be the last. OPEC may be under further pressure as Latin America ups production. Let's say almost half of the growth in global crude supply in the coming years is expected to come from Brazil, Guyana, Argentina and Venezuela, which is also an OPEC member. And during the current crisis, it's the US, not OPEC, that stepped it in to stabilize oil prices. It's done this by ramping up exports, releasing strategic reserves and easing sanctions. John, we'll come back to you. And if I can for this question about OPEC's influence, I just want to show you one more graphic about how much of the global oil production comes from OPEC plus countries. So if you go back to 2016, you'll see that it was 53 percent. Fast forward to 2024, it's down to 47 percent. Now we have the Strait of Hormuz closed, the UAE leaving the bloc, which may further erode that number. And I just wonder whether this is the beginning of the end, John, for OPEC plus' clout. Well, for sure, it's a serious blow to OPEC. It's a structural blow because once, as you said, you have the third largest producer, which ultimately will become the second largest producer by 27, 28. If they continue at this pace, the UAE will be able to produce something around six million barrels from around 4.5 right now. OPEC is the second producer, but they don't have the money, nor is the politics in the right way to help them produce the rising expectations of their own government. So I think that it is a serious blow, and it could inject other countries with the thinking such as Kazakhstan and Venezuela, which is now closer to the U.S. system of thinking that they will exit. Certainly, this is going to add supply, but certainly also the UAE is going its own way. They need to consider national interests. But the containment and on the supply side that Saudi Arabia exercised. And I would use, again, a very historic meeting in 2021 that the UAE and Saudi Arabia had an open public scuffle, which became embarrassing, especially for the UAE. And that was not really forgotten. I want to also put the context of the difference and the exit between the larger political differences and rift that exists between the UAE and Saudi Arabia about regional politics, about foreign policy. And the UAE wants to really project that they are a big power and they are a regional power in the making. And they're clearly aligned with the U.S. and Israel on that. So it is far larger, but much more consequential about the future of OPEC, which is going to have a hard time going forward. Yeah, politics is certainly always a factor. And on that note, Jan, the United States is already the world's biggest producer of crude oil, the biggest exporter of crude oil, or producer, I should say. Since the war began, exports, I meant to say, they've hit a record level. The U.S. also can throw its weight around. Obviously, the dollar is the world's reserve currency. You also have U.S. sanctions on Russia and Iran, big oil producers, that they can tighten or loosen to kind of affect oil prices. And we've seen that recently. So I wonder, is the U.S. replacing OPEC in some ways in terms of the real power player in global energy markets? Well, that's an interesting framing. And when you look back at the 1970s, of course, that was a very different situation where the world really depended on OPEC much more than perhaps it does today. And the U.S. with the LNG export capacity and shale gas revolution that started actually not that long ago, the world has really changed fundamentally. What I would also say is, and this was in your piece, I think at the beginning, the role of China in all of this can't be underestimated because, yes, of course, the U.S. will pick up some of the oil and gas exports and they will ramp up production. But at the same time, they're backtracking on clean energy. And China is doing exactly the opposite. They are doubling down on renewables. So what would be very interesting to see in 20 years, what does the world look then and which countries will be the energy powerhouses of the future? Will it be the U.S. selling oil and gas to the world? Or will it be China manufacturing technologies like batteries, renewables, solar panels, electric vehicles? I think that's a really interesting question. And right now, I think the U.S. is betting on a future that many other countries are not betting on. So it'll be interesting to see how it plays out. Yeah. Also important to note that China is not entirely giving up on its own oil production. They're trying to boost oil production. They also have massive oil reserves in China as well. They seem to be very well positioned for this kind of a crisis. But Vandana, look, I wonder if maybe the shift is not between OPEC plus and everybody else. I wonder if the shift in terms of oil and energy and fossil fuels especially is maybe more geographic because I'll just remind you of the stat that I just read according to the consultancy where I said 44 percent of the growth in crude oil supply is going to come from four countries, Brazil, Guyana, Argentina and Venezuela. Is that maybe where the big shift is going to come in the next couple of years? I think when we talk about growth in terms of percentages, we need to be also mindful of looking at the base. So Guyana, yes, close to high single digits, double digits, Argentina, probably Brazil. But these are all relatively smaller producers. Guyana definitely not even reached one million barrels per day yet. Right. So the base is very important. When you talk about the incremental supply globally meeting the incremental demand, which is in Asia, first of all, there's the distance. All of these countries in the Americas sit far away from Asia. In Asia, you're looking at price sensitive countries which are very focused on where they can not just get reliable supply, but also with the lowest cost on freight, which is the Middle East for them. So in terms of diversification for Asia, absolutely. We're already seeing that a lot of countries in this region, especially India, doubling down on going all out to Brazil, to Mexico is declining. But of course, U.S., Canada to some extent. And they will in future look at Guyana and Argentina for incremental barrels as well. The question to my mind, Scott, is that as Asia continues to grow in its energy demand and oil demand, will these countries be enough to meet all of that incremental demand? The answer to that is no. The real incremental supply, both in terms of base and perhaps smaller in terms of percentage, but definitely bigger in terms of base, is actually coming from the Middle Eastern countries. I want to ask you guys about renewable energy, which has been expanding rapidly worldwide. The International Energy Agency says solar power alone met more than 25 percent of the world's new demand for energy in 2025. Renewables have also overtaken coal. In 2025, they accounted for 34 percent of global electricity generation compared to coal's 33 percent. That's according to Ember, a research firm. In the past 12 months, wind power grew at twice the rate that coal usage fell, while solar grew at four times the rate. Even in the United States, where the federal government has become less supportive of renewables than before, more than 90 percent of planned new energy capacity is set to come from renewables this year. A big part of the rise in uptake is because it's getting cheaper. Capital and operating costs have dropped by around 90 percent since 2010. So, Jan, surely oil producers are going to try to boost production while they can, while the price is high and they can capitalize on this. When the war in Ukraine started, the full scale invasion in 2022 began, we saw a lot of countries kind of cutting corners on their plans for transformation to renewable energies and maybe going back to old faithful oil, oil, gas, coal, things like that. I wonder if you think that'll happen again this time. I think it's not going to happen in quite the same way because the technologies have improved in terms of cost effectiveness and availability. So don't forget over the last four years, the growth in global renewable energy manufacturing capacity has been ginormous. And also when you look at electric vehicles and batteries, especially grid connected batteries, very large batteries, that is, they can store cheap solar power. There has been a real boom also in places with not a very supportive policy simply because the economics are not starting to work. So high prices means that there's more incentive to buy these technologies. And we know from data from March, where we now have the first data coming in, that there has been a real surge in consumer demand for these technologies. And even countries like Pakistan that have not a long track record of deploying renewables, they have deployed renewables at a scale that is unthinkable. And now solar is the largest single source of electricity generation in Pakistan that happened over the course of only a few years. They had almost zero solar 10 years ago and now they have more than 20 percent. So these trends, I think we're just going to see more of in places that perhaps are not yet on the map when you think about the deployment of renewables. Even African countries where the cost of capital often were a very major barrier, you now see significant uptake there too. Ethiopia is one of the countries that is leading in electric vehicles. So I think we want to see more of that. And I don't think this is the end of it yet. Vanana, the head of the IEA, gave an interview to The Guardian not long ago. And I just want to read you what he said, part of it at least. He said, country's perception of risk and reliability will change. Governments will review their energy strategies. There will be a significant boost of renewables and nuclear power and a further shift toward a more electrified future. He's talking obviously about the current situation. Do you agree with his characterization? Look, when the current crisis gave another boost to countries national efforts, even within the corporate sector to pivot more aggressively towards low carbon energies, towards renewables, even biofuels? Absolutely yes. But again, I am a big fan of keeping things in perspective. So if you look at the global energy basket as of today, about 80 percent is made up by oil, natural gas and coal, fossil fuels. If we talk about double digit growth in renewables, other low carbon energy forms, fantastic. I'm not. It's absolutely to be cheered. However, how long is it going to take for these technologies and these alternatives to grow from a small base? And the reason I continue to point that out is that in terms of policy direction, we need to be careful not to say not to push for an end to investment and end to consumption of oil and gas because it's far easier said than done. As Jan mentioned, yes, prices are falling, solar panels and so on. But there's a huge question mark on to what extent these technologies can be scaled up. And at the end of the day, electricity use can only replace a certain amount of oil consumption, perhaps gasoline and to some extent diesel. There's a lot of oil consumption. What about petrochemicals that cannot be replaced by. So we need to keep all of these things in perspective. There have been phenomenal examples. China and Pakistan, as was being mentioned, it's not easily replicable. We know that. And at the end of the day, even just expanding your electric fleet in Asia is not really a decarbonization solution. When 40 to 50 percent of the electricity generation in the region still comes from coal. Yeah, still comes from non-renewable forms of energy. John, Vannana is skeptical of the shift. Are you similarly skeptical? And before you answer that, I just want to fill you in on a fascinating statistic that I came from that I found. This is according to Ristad. So the six GCC countries plus Iraq will get 30 percent of their energy from renewables by 2030. I mean, even this Gulf region is getting in on the push toward renewables. But do you agree with Vannana that it's just not going to happen that quickly? No, I think that it is happening. It's irreversible. The pace we can disagree on, the pace will it be 10 years, 20 years. But if you look back, there has been structural changes both in developed markets and developing markets, emerging economies. So I think that, yes, it will happen. However, however, this is not going to happen overnight and it's not going to happen by replacing immediately one for the other. Today, we are in need of 20 million barrels of oil. And before the crisis, let me remind everybody, we were in a situation where we thought we were oversupplied with oil and oil was hovering between 65 and 70, discounting for the geopolitical things. So today we are in need of anything between 13 to 15 million barrels. And you mentioned Guyana and Brazil. They're not going to match anything close to that. So we would need that. And also it's very cost effective. Let me give you some examples, which I'm sure my colleagues know very well. Transportation fuels are all relying on hydrocarbons. We don't have a solution for the aviation industry. We might have a solution for electric vehicles, but shipping relies heavily on quite heavy crude, bunker fuel, that is. So we do need the base to come from hydrocarbons. Having said that, the world is not going to stay the same and it's going to evolve into a renewable sector. And going back to your question, yes, I do believe that the Gulf's future is to be an energy hub by using both hydrocarbons and renewable sources. And they should be able to diversify and more so they should be able, because they have plenty sun to come by to use that as an export element, not just hydrocarbons, but exporting renewable energy to the neighborhood, to the Middle East and even further afield. So I think very much so that we are in a transition phase and we will continue. That has begun many years ago. Politicians do like to make statements all the time, even in the UK. Politicians are ready to say that diesel cars are going to be taken out by 2030. But this remains still to be a political statement rather than a reality. This has been a fantastic discussion and I certainly appreciate all of your time today. That's Jan Rosenhauer, Professor of Energy and Climate Policy at the University of Oxford, Vandana Hari, CEO of Vanda Insights and John Svakyanakis, Chief Economist at Gulf Research Center. Thank you all again. And that is it for our show. You can get in touch with us on X. My handle is at Scott McLean and make sure to use the hashtag AJCTC when you do or drop us an email. It's counting the cost at Al Jazeera dot net. That's our address. And there's more for you online at Al Jazeera dot com slash CTC. That'll take you straight to our page as individual reports, links and entire episodes for you to catch up on. And that is it for this edition of Counting the Cost. I'm Scott McLean from the whole team here in Doha. Thank you so much for watching. The news is next here on Al Jazeera.