 This is not a single overnight operation. The military objectives at CENTCOM and the Joint Force have been tasked with, will take some time to achieve, and in some cases will be difficult and gritty work. We expect to take additional losses, and as always, we will work to minimize U.S. losses. So, General King giving us the latest headlines just minutes ago, the Pentagon giving our first update on Operation Epic Fury. We continue to follow many fast-breaking developments throughout the Middle East. The conflict against Iran's terror regime is now widening on multiple fronts. So, on this Monday morning, it is day three, but I would emphasize only day three. I'm Bill Hammer here in New York, and good morning at home. Hello, Dana. Good morning. Good to be with you. I'm Dana Perino, and this is America's Newsroom. So, the terror group Hezbollah now entering the fray. They fired over the Lebanon border into Israel. The IDF responding with strikes against the Lebanese capital of Beirut. So, meanwhile, you have the Israeli Air Force continuing to unleash a mighty armada in the sky. Overnight, the IDF launching a wave of strikes in Tehran. So far, Israeli officials confirming that strikes have killed more than 40 Iranian commanders since the operation began. That includes top Revolutionary Guard leadership and Iran's Defense Minister. And in the Gulf, several U.S. warplanes crashed in Kuwait. Thankfully, all crew members have survived. The White House also releasing this photo of President Trump with his team gathered at Mar-a-Lago using a secure location there to keep a close eye on the strikes on Iran as they unfolded. And, moments ago, Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Dan Cain giving the big picture on the high stakes of the operation for the United States adding that more U.S. forces will be deployed in the conflict. Our mission is to protect and defend ourselves and together with our regional partners prevent Iran from the ability to project power outside of its borders and be ready for follow-on actions as appropriate. Across every domain, land, air, sea, cyber, the U.S. Joint Force delivered synchronized and layered effects designed to disrupt, degrade, deny, and destroy Iran's ability to conduct and sustain combat operations. This deployment included thousands of service members from all branches, hundreds of advanced 4th and 5th generation fighters, dozens of refueling tankers, the Lincoln and Ford Carrier Strike Group and their embarked air wings, sustained flow of munitions, fuel supplies, all supported with command and control, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance network. And the flow of forces continues today. In fact, Admiral Cooper will receive additional forces even today. This was a massive overwhelming attack across all domains of warfare striking more than a thousand targets in the first 24 hours. We are now roughly 57 hours into the operation. Operation Epic Fury stands as a reminder of what the United States military uniquely delivers. The ability to project power on a global scale with speed, surprise, precision, and overwhelming force when and where our nation requires it. So now we have Team Fox coverage. Lucas Tomlinson joins us live in Istanbul, Turkey. Alexandra Hoff is standing by for the latest headlines from the White House. Trey Yinks is live on the ground in Tel Aviv and that is where we begin a new day and a new hour. Trey, hello. Yeah, Bill Dana. Good morning. The Israeli military tells Fox News right now they are striking the Iranian capital of Tehran. This comes as the Iranians are responding with more ballistic missiles against this country, wounding 10 people in the southern city of Beersheva this morning. And overnight, this conflict expanding the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah Iran's largest proxy getting directly involved in the fight, launching rockets over the border into northern Israel targeting the city of Haifa Israel already responding. As you can see in this video here, the aftermath in the neighborhood of Beirut. They are striking a variety of targets and they say the leader of Hezbollah name custom is a legitimate target. One resident in Beirut describes what he saw and heard. At first, there were three explosions. They were a bit far. We went up to the roof and saw that the explosions were behind us. We could only see the smoke after about 10 minutes. There was another strike right behind us. We all fled. And after another 10 minutes was the last strike. It was three consecutive strikes. We came here and thank God we are okay now. New video from the Israeli military shows how they are going after Iran's ballistic missile launching positions. Despite these efforts, the Iranians are still getting off a number of barrages both day and night. We have seen here from Tel Aviv these missiles soaring through the skies being intercepted by Israel's advanced missile defense systems. We do expect advanced coordination to continue to try and control this threat. But we know the Iranians are still firing on Israel and regional Gulf countries. Bill Dana. Thank you. Back to you for more headlines from the Middle East as they become available. I want to take our viewers through a number of things now that are available over the weekend and what we think we are learning at the moment, given the Pentagon briefing and what we expect later today. To my right are satellite images from north-western Iran. These are ballistic missile sites. You see the road wrap around this way. Look here and here in the before image. And then afterwards you can see the missiles that struck and took out those launch sites here. Again, over here. North-western part of the country. They are the town of Tabriz. These are the before images here. I look at these structures on the ground and I see what's left over on the after and all those structures are gone. What about leadership? What happens in Iran? Who takes control? Who was elected? Who takes power? This is what we understand right now. We've been told to the White House that 48 leading leaders in Iran have been eliminated. On our image behind us we have nine of those, but they are significant. The head of the military bureau, head of intelligence, chief of staff of the armed forces, the IRGC commander, the head of security council, the Iranian council there, defense minister in Iran, and of course the ayatollahs, the supreme leader of Iran. Only two leaders have ever existed in the history of the Islamic Republic of Iran. This was the second after 37 years he has now been eliminated. Over here the report of US and Israeli strikes in Iran. In green you can see the reported airstrikes thus far. In white the reports of explosions that we have seen actual footage, video footage of, then in yellow are the confirmed airstrikes as well. Look at the green here. Straight of Hormuz is going to get a lot of attention down here. This town of Bandar Abbas, okay? The Strait of Hormuz at its most narrow point is 21 miles long. About a fifth of the global oil supply goes through the Strait of Hormuz every day. We're going to watch that throughout the day and see how that impacts markets. What I was talking about over there in the satellite images, these are up in the northwest corner of the town of Tabriz. On Saturday if you're watching our coverage here, if you were to fly from Tehran to Israel, it's about 1200 miles. The Iranians clearly have the capacity, the missile capacity to reach Israel. They also easily have the capacity to reach them in the Gulf nations down here, which I'll show you momentarily. But these ballistic missile sites that are located in the western part of the country are such a deadly force against the Gulf nations and against Israel. That cuts down 400 miles. So the reach here from western Iran into Israel is only 800 miles. It's an easy reach for the Iranians. Over here, quick land, the retaliations with the Iranians and what they have done in the regional strikes. We will note throughout our program how many civilian targets have been hit. Airports, hotels, these Gulf nations. But this is where the US military is essentially established. Big army base in Kuwait. Big navy base here in Bahrain. A big air base here, Al Udeid there in Qatar that's been built. Abu Dhabi as well. These are all locations that are easily right across the Persian Gulf into Iran for the military. Let me clear that off here and move to, and this is where the naval assets are set up. Quickly, I would just draw your attention. The USS Abraham Lincoln there in the Arabian Sea and the USS Gerald Ford just off the coast of Israel. These are the aircraft carriers. Nuclear powered Ford, been at sea for more than 10 months, has capacity to do many, many things with his fleet of carriers and ships throughout the area. The reason we're showing you this map, and I'll wrap it up here. A lot of times we get lost about these Gulf nations. Remember Kuwait, right? They've been hit. Bahrain, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Oman. All of them pretty much held their fire, quite literally, until they were hit with some civilian sites. And then we saw over the weekend, Dana, that these Gulf nations have taken action and word at a minimum toward the Iranian regime today. And so we bring in Joey Jones. He's co-host of the Big Weekend Show, which I watched last night. He's a retired Marine bomb tech, a great guy, and we are glad to have you here. Let's just listen to President Trump. This is call for number one. Talking about the sacrifice of American troops. As one nation, we grieve for the true American patriots who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation, even as we continue the righteous mission for which they gave their lives. We pray for the full recovery of the wounded and send our immense love and eternal gratitude to the families of the fallen. And sadly, there will likely be more before it ends. And Joey, appropriate tone, right? Just let people know that we're in the middle of this. We just said stay three. General Kane just said 57th hour. So we have a long way to go. But so far, the success of the mission looks like, as it's set out, to be pretty good. Yeah, I mean, any loss of life is a tragedy. I pointed that out last night, and I reiterate that today. Now we're up to four. Four is a small number, but for everyone that loves those four individuals, it's a huge number. It's a huge number. It's a gulf that they can't fill. And I think it's important we always reiterate that. And I'm sure the administration understands that too. If you take a 30,000 foot view on this, this might be the most impressive military operation in our lifetime. And that's easy. Those are big words. That's easy to say. But when you start a press briefing saying that space and cyber command was the first to act. And then you look at all the groundwork laid from the entirety of President Trump's tenure from Abraham Accords. I mean, honestly, right now we're looking at this saying that Midnight Hammer and Maduro were dress rehearsals for this operation. I mean, you're talking about working the kinks out. That's how you work the kinks out for an operation like this. It's incredibly impressive. What I'm gleaning, and this is gleaning, this is not, no intelligence just watching, no conversations, just watching what's being said. I think they do probably anticipate having strategic groups on the ground, rather it be special forces. I think we hit a place where one, we're having to find these missile silos where they're hidden. And two, perhaps it has to do with whatever government comes in. I think the thing that we have to look for and be critical of if it happens is I don't want 100 or 1000 troops sitting on a base waiting to be struck by a concrete mixer full of IEDs. And that's the type of thing we saw in Iraq that we as American people don't want to see ever again. And I don't think this is an administration that would let that happen. Great stuff, Joey. Thank you for that. Just watching a live picture from Beirut well into the four o'clock afternoon hour there. And Hezbollah reached out last night firing missiles in the northern Israel, and the IDF has responded appropriately. General David Petraeus on the consequences of going after these Gulf nations that we just showed on the map there. Here he is. I think a really foolish move by the Iranians was to hit the Arab countries in the Gulf who really had wanted to stay out of this, but now are in it because of strikes against civilian targets in their countries, the Gulf states. And now their aircraft are already flying as part of the overall defensive effort, and we'll see if there is a decision about us using their bases again, which they had initially denied because they had wanted to stay on the sidelines. So the observation there is pretty obvious. Iran had few friends before. Yeah, it has fewer as of today. Yeah, I mean, it's two biggest friends are Russia and China. China has no interest in this, and Russia is pretty preoccupied. Perhaps the two biggest concerns they have is someone isn't going to buy their weapons anymore, and they don't have someone to produce their drones. To wake up the other morning and see two things that people worried about in the last 20 years. Will Iran retaliate on Israel? That was a concern. And what do the other Gulf nations say or think if we go after Iran? Do they say, well, we could be next if they don't like us tomorrow? Both of those questions were no longer a question in the morning we woke up and this strike had started. First of all, Israel was a part of it. They wanted this fight. And second of all, these Gulf nations sit there and go, you just launched at us. Not at US military bases, but at hotels in our cities. That changed the entire table, the entire game. We're all living in the moment, day to day, in the last three days. But I wonder as you look ahead to the rest of this day, what are you looking for? What do you pay attention to that somebody like us wouldn't necessarily have on our way? The naval assets. So we're really concerned about mines in the Strait of Hormuz. And that's the next really viable option that the Iranians have. I don't know they'll do it because it'll make China a little bit. Like a land mine, but just in the water? To an extent, yes. The underwater mines are where we're really, for lack of a reason, they're not putting too much out there. All you hear about drones, we're doing that underwater too. That's a big concern all the way to the west coast of the United States. We have a lot of assets we've never employed that are counter mined. And I think we've got a good set of eyes. That must be fascinating for you. It is very fascinating. Right. You understand the technology better than we do. Technology is this war. And that's perhaps for the first time. Thanks for being here. Great stuff. Thank you, Joey. Thank you, both. And our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis.