So both Republicans and Democrats calling this a historic day, former president Bill Clinton testifying before a congressional committee about his ties to Jeffrey Epstein. Just like Hillary Clinton's deposition yesterday, it is happening right near their home in Chappaqua, New York, outside of New York City at the Performing Arts Center, interestingly. So the former president shows up over and over again in the Epstein files, but he says that their, quote, brief acquaintance ended years before Epstein's crimes became public, telling the committee in his opening statement, I had no idea of the crimes Epstein was committing. No matter how many photos you show me, I know what I saw, and more importantly, what I didn't see. I know what I did, and more importantly, what I didn't do. I saw nothing, and I did nothing wrong, says former President Bill Clinton, House Oversight Chairman James Comer says that the committee is not accusing the Clintons of wrongdoing, but it was a long battle to get to this moment. Watch. It took seven months, seven months, to get the Clintons in here. But we've got them in here, and we look forward to answering, to asking lots of questions that I think any curious media outlet in America would have. Yesterday, Ms. Clinton deferred a lot of questions to her husband today. Republicans have now set a new precedent, which is to bring in presidents and former presidents to testify. So we're once again going to make that call that we did yesterday. We are now asking and demanding that President Trump officially come in and testify in front of the over-section movement. So chief congressional correspondent Chad Pergron reporting live from Chappaqua, outside where all of this is happening. Hi, Chad. Martha, good afternoon. Never before has a president undergone questioning at a deposition by a congressional committee under a subpoena. Now, that changed this morning. Bill Clinton knew and traveled with Jeffrey Epstein. There is no allegation of wrongdoing by Bill Clinton, but Democrats say this is all a distraction from dealing with President Trump. But let's be real. We are talking to the wrong president today. President Trump is the one who has not released 2 and 1 half million files. President Trump is the one who is blocking our investigation. President Trump is the one who wants this to go away, but it will not go away. Now, here is Bill Clinton's statement to the committee this morning. Even with 2020 hindsight, I saw nothing that ever gave me pause. We are only here because he hid it from everyone so well for so long. And by the time it came to light with his 2008 guilty plea, I had long stopped associating with him. Now, we're also learning about Hillary Clinton's testimony yesterday. Florida Republican Anna Paulina Luna suggested there may have been an effort by a US ally to target the Clintons. She said Epstein was running a, quote, honeypot operation. I don't know that Secretary Clinton was all that honest about the context of this investigation. We asked extensively about intelligence ties, whether or not she felt that she was targeted as a result of possibly an intelligence gathering operation. And she was very curiously interested in that. Also, one Republican said Hillary Clinton lost her cool and was combative with the committee when asked tough questions. Ms. Mays, what do you mean that Hillary Clinton was screaming? She was unhinged, and I hope that President Clinton is less unhinged today than his wife was yesterday. You'll see it. Now, the public can judge for itself when the video and transcript comes up, perhaps over the weekend. The deposition will probably go until this evening. Back to you. OK, Chad, thank you very much. A few moments ago there in Chappaqua. Now, the Democrats are speaking. Let's dip in here and listen. But it is very well established that President Clinton had a relationship with Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. And we are treating this investigation extraordinarily seriously. And when you see the recorded deposition, you will see that we asked all of the hard questions, centering the survivors, making sure that we get to the bottom of where there are discrepancies in the record, and understanding how not only the crimes that Jeffrey Epstein committed could go on, but why there was a culture that surrounded him wherein the rich and powerful turned a blind eye. And with that, I turn it back to our ranking member. Hello, everybody. Congressman Maxwell Frost. First off, I just thank you to President Clinton for coming here today to speak with us. Answering these questions has been helpful for us as we will continue this investigation. Donald Trump, as we know, needs to come before this committee. He's been caught in multiple lies as it relates to his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. I can tell you I've seen unredacted files myself that directly refute his assertion that he kicked out Jeffrey Epstein out of Mar-a-Lago and the reasoning why he did that. Also walking out of this, I can tell you we all now have a lot of new questions that we have to raise as it relates to the reasoning on why Donald Trump had a falling out with Jeffrey Epstein in the first place. Another thing is that I saw about an hour ago, Donald Trump in a press conference said that Howard Lutnick is, quote, a very innocent guy. Donald Trump has asserted many times that he knew nothing of Epstein's crimes. If he doesn't know anything about Epstein's crimes, how can you know for sure that Howard Lutnick is, quote, a very innocent guy? We have questions for him. And I think what today is showing and what yesterday is showing is, of course, no one's above the law that includes the president of the United States. And my hope is that our Republican colleagues, as we walk out of here today and go back to D.C., will join us in making sure that we can hear from Howard Lutnick, from Pam Bondi, and from President Trump. Good afternoon, Congresswoman Yasaman Ansari, representing Arizona's 3rd District. I think today was a historic day for transparency in the United States of America. The fact that we have the former president of the United States, Bill Clinton, under oath speaking to the Oversight Committee and answering questions in a transparent manner is critical. I look forward to the Republican majority listening to our demands of having the transcripts and the videos unedited of both depositions, today's and yesterday's, released immediately because the American public deserves to hear and see these answers for themselves. And ultimately, this demonstrates that nobody is above the law. And my top concern at this moment is the ongoing White House coverup. It is deeply concerning that we are seeing a very coordinated machine from the president of the United States continuously repeating that he has been exonerated. He just repeated that today to members of the Republican Party on the Oversight Committee repeating that lie as well. There are very credible allegations that have been looked into and investigated by the FBI that the Department of Justice is illegally withholding. Please do not stop asking about this. Why is the DOJ continuing to defy the Epstein Files Transparency Act by refusing to release the full Epstein files by illegally withholding information, by deleting photos and videos of people like Howard Lutnick? This is unacceptable. Donald Trump must be deposed immediately in front of this committee, as do many senior-level officials from this administration. Congressman Suhas, the Vermonian from Virginia. If there was any doubt before today that Oversight Democrats are treating this investigation in a nonpartisan way, it'll be put to rest when the transcripts come out. We've been asking the former president... Okay, you've been listening to the Democrats speak there. I'm at the Clinton deposition live at a chapel in New York just following James Comer speaking a short time ago as well. I like seeing them deposed, but, you know, they certainly went after me a lot more than that. I don't know anything about the Epstein files, you know. I've been fully exonerated, yeah. Yeah, that was President Trump sounding off as former President Bill Clinton sits for his closed-door deposition about convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. It's happening right now in Chapelclaw, New York. The House Oversight Committee wants to get to the bottom of Bubba's dealings with a notorious pedophile. In those creepy pictures we've all seen of him in a hot tub lounging with Gaylene Maxwell, President Clinton has acknowledged flying on Jeffrey Epstein's private plane, but he maintains he did not know anything about Epstein's criminal activities. In a statement today, Clinton went even further saying, quote, someone who grew up in a home with domestic abuse, not only would I not have flown on his plane if I had any inkling of what he was doing, I would have turned him in myself. Yesterday, the committee interviewed his wife for over six hours. Republicans say there was at least a dozen times when she deferred to their questions to her husband, and according to Nancy Mace, Hillary was, quote, unhinged, but the former Secretary of State says there is nothing to see here. I answered every one of their questions as fully as I could, based on what I knew, and what I knew is what I said in my statement this morning. I never met Jeffrey Epstein, never had any connection or communication with him. It then got, at the end, quite unusual because I started being asked about UFOs and a series of questions about Pizzagate. I thought it was very repetitive. I thought that they asked literally the same questions over and over again. You know, Greg, I feel like if they asked the same questions over and over again, maybe that's because they weren't getting an answer. Well, lawyers getting lawyered. Yeah. Welcome to the club. This is what you do to everybody, if you've ever been deposed or watched any of these hearings, you see that going around. I want full transparency, but at the same time, I'm skeptic of any high-volume allegations, and I've been that way. I'll list, I mentioned it before, the Satanic preschool scare of the 1980s where they said daycare centers were abusing children and with Satanic rituals. That was an explosion. I was skeptical of the exponential rise of the non-binary identification, and trans women were doubled and tripled and quadrupled in size. I was skeptical of the explosion of hate crimes. Many of them turned out to be hate crime hoaxes. I was skeptical of some of the me too accusations that turned out to be false because whenever something, when there is societal anxiety and media sensationalism plus flawed investigation, it's perfect turf for unstable people and motivating grifters. So you're gonna have real stuff and you're gonna have unreal stuff together. So it could be that like Bill Clinton is a sleaze ball, probably. Did he take advantage of women? I don't have, probably. Did he take part in an international pedophile ring? I'm not gonna go there. The problem with the Epstein scandal, it's like a box of tangled up wires. Some of the wires are real, some aren't, but they're tangled up and it may take forever to untangle them, but it's fun. It could go on forever untangling them. And there are people that get sustenance from this, but you just have to remember that if all those things that I mentioned you agreed with me on, you have to supply intellectual rigor to the evidence because it seems like the media isn't. You're not wrong. Thank you, Joey. I agree. Shannon, on that topic, are House Republicans kind of taking debate a little bit, bringing in the Clintons as opposed to interviewing the interviewers and maybe investigating the investigation? Yeah, I mean, they did a good job in getting documents from the Epstein estates that we hadn't seen before. So it seems like oversight has kind of their own lane that they're trying to go down. They know the Clintons, it's gonna get a lot of headlines. And it's a rare, interesting, bipartisan thing to me that you don't see very much in Washington. Remember, there's a sweeping letter from the Clintons a few weeks ago, like, we're drawing the line in the sand, America stands for one thing and that's freedom, and we will go no further until Democrats on the panel also voted to hold them in contempt along with Republicans. They're like, okay, we're gonna show up today. So there is some progress here whether Hillary was any kind of productive witness for them, I doubt, but I think all of us who remember, I'm that old, when President Clinton stood there and said, I did not have sexual relations with that woman, we take a lot of what he says with a grain of salt. And I think, Greg's right, you gotta look for evidence. And if you say, these are super old pictures, they pre-gate this and that, there's nothing to it, then do you apply the same standard to President Trump? I mean, I think you just have to be consistent. Jesse, if we're talking about consistency, he did stand in front of a camera or sit in front of a camera and say, I did not have sexual relations with that woman, that turned out to be pretty false. Today, CNN's reporting, today he said, he did not have sex with a woman in the jacuzzi and he doesn't know who she is. A lot of question marks out there. Thank you very much, everybody. I'm Martha McCallum and this is the story. So both Republicans and Democrats calling this a historic day. Former President Bill Clinton testifying before a congressional committee about his ties to Jeffrey Epstein. Just like Hillary Clinton's deposition yesterday, it is happening right near their home in Chappaqua, New York, outside of New York City at the Performing Arts Center, interestingly. So the former president shows