and everything from yesterday. So this is for all practical purposes, a public deposition. The American people are going to see it. I've heard C-SPAN is going to air it wire to wire. So everyone's going to see what was asked yesterday. And I think that will answer a lot of questions, especially with Lutnik and other things like that throughout the day. We'll try to send different members out to give you brief updates. We don't want to. Disclose what's going on in the in the deposition specifically until after at the conclusion, but we'll keep you updated. And we appreciate everyone being here and look forward to updating you throughout the day. What do you mean that Hillary Clinton was screaming? She was on henge and I hope that president Clinton is less on henge today than his wife was yesterday. You'll see it. I guess I do you think she had a relationship with the stress. Well, he was basically instrumental for his words. And I think you'll find out from Clinton today in sending up the Clinton global initiative. You said that he was bothered by Lutnik coming in. The biggest thing is we need transparency, accountability and we need justice for the victims. And we need to make sure we find out how can we write laws to prevent human trafficking and prevent people of that evil level infiltrating the highest levels of government. Thank you. OK, Republicans now heading in. Keep in mind, Democrats are on this committee, too, and they're asking questions as well. And they may come to the mic. Joining us now is former deputy assistant attorney general and UC Berkeley law professor John Yoo. Professor, nice to have you here in Dallas. This, you know, the entire conversation around the Epstein files is one that demands a certain level of responsibility because so many names have been wrapped up in what amounts to tens of thousands of documents. The question is whether or not a benefit of the doubt should be afforded to everyone in the files. But in this case, particularly and specifically a benefit of the doubt to President Clinton. I agree with you, Will. No one here is guilty until it's been proven until they have a chance to face their accusers before they have a chance to have a jury. But here are the charges. But I was an investigator in the 1990s on the Whitewater Senate investigation. And after seeing this and my time there, I don't think that the Clintons should get the benefit of the doubt. We learned from the 1990s that Bill Clinton lies. We learned that he committed perjury under oath as found by a federal judge. And he was impeached for it. And the only reason he was not convicted and removed by office was not because the senators thought he wasn't the liar. But they thought it would hurt the country too much to remove him from office at that time. So I totally see why he should be brought in under oath and answer questions before congressional committee. Another point is a congressional committee is not prosecutor. They have a remit to ask much more questions than really find out what's going on beyond just charging people. One other point is I don't think Bill Clinton's been responding to the questions to say, oh, I caught off contact with Epstein when I heard that he was convicted. That's nonresponsive. Right. Well, if a prosecutor asks you that and you said that a judge would say, no, answer the real question. And the real question is, what are you doing in those photos? How did you come to be there? Did you know these people might have been underage? Did you know what Epstein was up to? He's not answering those questions when he just says, well, I just cut off contact with him once I heard that. And once I heard he'd been prosecuted. All right. We have a small update. A Democratic congressman just said Clinton is answering all their questions, adding that he was asked some tough questions and he answered them well, saying Clinton has not used the fifth amendment. That does not go to the point that you just brought up of whether or not he is responsive to the questions being asked. He has not apparently invoked the fifth amendment. Exactly. And also, I hate to say it, but just because Bill Clinton says something under oath, do you remember what we saw? He what he did when he was a sitting president under oath question by Ken Starr, the independent counsel, you would want to then, as the committee investigators, go back and check everything he said, get testimony from other people. You showed photos where people's faces are redacted. The committee wants to go interview those people and say, is Bill Clinton telling the truth? Because we know in the past he has no problem lying under oath to federal prosecutors. And pointing out that you worked on the Whitewater investigation, that relationship to the truth wasn't only tenuous with Bill Clinton, but also with Hillary Clinton. I have to tell you, I did not understand it at the time. Why not come out? You're the president, you're the first lady. Tell the truth. Tell the American people everything. Let them make their own decision. I can tell you, they fought us tooth and nail for every little piece of evidence, every question we wanted to ask. They did not trust the system. They did not trust prosecutors, the Justice Department, judges. They fought everything. And so after that experience, I don't know why the American people think they should get any kind of benefit of the doubt. Not to mention the pictures that we showed on the screen, which in and of themselves should lead to some skepticism on the truth behind Bill Clinton's relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. And for that matter, not just Bill Clinton's track record with the truth, but his track record with women. All of these things are part of the record that require us not to simply accept the word of the former president. And just to be clear, John, you have pointed this out. This is against the backdrop of not believing that we should drag every president before every investigative committee. I totally get why President Trump in the clip he played said, I don't like what's happening to Bill Clinton, because one thing we got to be conscious of is we don't want to harass former presidents so much that it prevents future presidents from protecting the country and forcing the law, doing their job. We don't want presidents to think, because I have to make the tough call now, I'm going to be harassed the rest of my life by lawsuits and investigations. But the Supreme Court has answered this for us in the Trump immunity case, which you covered quite extensively on your show when it came out. The court said we're going to give presidents immunity for the things they did in office as official acts. Bill Clinton's being questioned about things he did long after he left office as a private citizen. Again, I don't think there's any kind of constitutional protection or a benefit of the doubt that applies to Bill Clinton in those photos that he has undertaken in these very questionable circumstances. Many years after he's president. All right, John, you teaching at UC Berkeley and now also University of Texas. It's great to see you, John. I got to sign up with you guys in Texas. I'm one of the many Californians leaving the state moving here to the great state of Texas. All right. Hey, everyone, I'm Emily Campagno. Catch me and my co-host Harris Faulkner and Kaylee McEnany on outnumbered every weekday at 12 p.m. Eastern or sets your DVR. Also, don't forget to subscribe to the Fox News YouTube page for daily highlights. Thank you.