come out as soon as today. But you are right that the Clintons wanted on the first go. Yes. It has to be on-cam testimony, not characterized, and then video thereafter. But we will be getting the video. That's why I'm told Hillary is, at least Lauren Boebert said she's not the happiest on camera. You know what? I wouldn't be either. We'll see. All right. I don't blame her. For President Bill Clinton today telling me House Oversight Committee, he had no idea about Jeffrey Epstein's crimes. Clinton adding, quote, As someone who grew up in a home with domestic abuse, not only would I not have flown on his plane if I had any inkling of what he was doing, I would have turned him in myself and led the call for justice for his crimes, not sweetheart deals. Let's check in with Fox News contributor and former House Oversight Chair Jason Chaffetz. He's live at a chapel for us at this hour. So, Jason, your takeaway from that from former President Bill Clinton. Well, I guess it begs the question, when did he contact authorities? When did he figure out something was awry? Because certainly the pictures and the videos and everything else, did he ever contact law enforcement? Contrast that with President Trump, who back in 20 years ago, 2006, contacted local law enforcement, said, Hey, you got to look into this, Jelaine Maxwell, you got to look into Jeffrey Epstein. There's something really wrong going on here. I'm not aware of Bill Clinton, President Clinton ever contacting law enforcement and saying something was awry. Well, this, Jason, from his opening statement, it reads, quote, I had no idea of the crimes Epstein was committing. No matter how many photos you show me, I have two things that at the end of the day matter more than your interpretation of those 20-year-old photos. I know what I saw and more importantly, what I didn't see. I know what I did and more importantly, what I didn't do. I saw nothing and I did nothing wrong. But to your point, he's referencing that he didn't do anything wrong when it came to the involvement with Epstein and what was happening there. But if he had seen something, he certainly could have done something about it, Jason. Yeah, he could have. Now, I know that after the first hour of peppering of questions by both sides, he has not yet been confronted. In fact, I've been told at least this hour he's actually going to be shown some photos that include President Clinton in those photos and be asked to specifically, probably, Congresswoman Mace, Congresswoman Luna as well, of course, as Chairman Comer. But he has not yet been shown those photos. It'll be fascinating to know how he answers that, how he explains that away because, you know, it's from the surface. As somebody who's been married for 35 years, that doesn't look so good. Got it. James Comer stepped out just a short time ago. There was a press conference with the Republicans and the Democrats. And the Chairman Comer said this about Bill Clinton's testimony. Listen. The ranking member Garcia asked President Clinton, should President Trump be called to answer questions from this committee? And President Clinton said, that's for you to decide. And the president went on to say that the president, Trump, has never said anything to me to make me think he was involved. Your thoughts on that, Jason? Look, there are people within the Epstein orbit that should be called, but there needs to be a predicate before you call these people. We want justice for these victims. And there are a lot of victims. And how was this predator, this monster, able to wield influence and money and get everybody to turn their heads so that they didn't actually do something? The only person that I know of who actually contacted law enforcement and said, hey, there's something wrong here was Donald Trump. And that happened 20 years ago. And so if somebody else was doing that, I mean, there was a case to be made against Epstein. And there's, I think, a bigger, broader question. Why wasn't more done about this? I didn't see anything happen to this during the Obama years. I didn't during the Biden years. It was only during the Bush administration, the Trump administration, that they actually put this guy in jail. Last thing here, this is Jonathan Turley on the accusation that Epstein was helping the Clinton family. Listen. What is sort of the modus operandi of the Clintons is to go into these depositions and to evade direct answers. But they're going to get specific questions about these emails in which Epstein is indicating that he was not only just a great contributor, but helped establish this initiative and help them, help the Clinton family. And that was reinforced with the appearance of figures like Maxwell at the wedding of their daughters. Oh, there was that final thought on that, Jason. Yeah, and it also begs a lot of questions about what the Clinton Foundation was doing, how much money was flowing into the foundation, the Clinton initiative, because the proximity to the flow of money and Jeffrey Epstein getting in trouble and having trouble just begs the question, what was he doing? I'm not saying that the Clintons necessarily did anything wrong, but if you're going to actually solve this problem, make sure that you can't just wield this influence to be a pedophile and be a sexual predator, then you got to understand that because this guy was manipulating people across the world and taking down some very strong and important leaders. What was the impetus behind that? Who was this guy? And how did he wield that influence? Because it certainly looks like the Clintons were in that stratosphere with them. That is a huge question at this hour. Jason Chaffetz live there in Chapel Hill for us. Jason, thank you. Interruption for the United States Congress. We have listened to people all across America who have kept up with the whole Epstein investigation and are outraged by the obvious fact that men and women, for that matter, of great power and great wealth from all across the world have been able to get away with a lot of of, you know, heinous crimes and they haven't been held accountable and they haven't even had to answer questions about what they knew and when they knew it today. We hope to be able to do as we did yesterday and continue to bring some of the most powerful people in the world. And to answer questions again, no one's accusing anyone of any wrongdoing, but I think the American people have a lot of questions and our House Oversight Committee is committed to getting answers. We're committed to transparency. We've already seen a lot of very powerful people who have been in the world. We're going to continue to seek the truth, try to figure out how the government failed the victims and try to hopefully hold more people accountable. That's what the purpose of this investigation is. I will say this, we're going to continue to seek the truth. Yes, it's very difficult to get people in for these depositions of great power and great wealth and I used yesterday and today as an example, it took seven months, seven months to get the Clintons in here. But we've got them in here and we look forward to answering, to asking lots of questions that I think any curious media outlet in America would have. Yesterday, Ms. Clinton deferred a lot of questions to her husband today. There were at least a dozen times when she said, you'll have to ask my husband that. I can't answer that. So we already had a big portfolio of questions for him and that increased yesterday. So we look forward to that. We'll be happy to answer a couple of questions. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, good morning. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Explain to us specifically what you need to hear from President Clinton today. What do you want to know? Well, I think everyone's seen there are a lot of photos that have been released by the Department of Justice as well as the Epstein estate. There are a lot of email correspondence that included President Clinton. We know President Clinton had and Secretary Clinton confirmed this yesterday. Jeffrey Epstein was in the White House 17 times while Bill Clinton was president. We know that Bill Clinton flew on Jeffrey Epstein's plane at least 27 times. So those are questions that we're going to ask. Everything that most media outlets have reported with respect to pictures and correspondence between Epstein, Maxwell and Bill Clinton. These are all questions that we're going to ask today. Yesterday, you both told me that you were planning on asking about an email that Howard Luttnick sent to Jeffrey Epstein. I presume about a Hillary Clinton fund re-dirted 2001. He's worth asking about. Is he not worth asking him to talk about what he might know? Yeah, and I think it'll be interesting when we hopefully get that video out later today or tomorrow as quick as we can get it out. I think it'll be interesting what Hillary Clinton said about Howard Luttnick and how she said it. We look, I think that was Miss Mase with the line of questioning. So there was a pretty thorough line of questioning yesterday between Miss Mase and Miss Clinton with respect to Luttnick. Now, I think you all find it very interesting what she had to say. But we're going to continue to ask questions of everyone that shows up in photos on the island and things like that. Yes. Mr. Paul, I'll ask for the panel. Secretary. I will be asking for him. Yes. You will. Go ahead. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Obviously, we heard from Secretary Clinton after her deposition. She described the session as repetitive. She said it veered off topics. She was asked about things like UFOs, pizza gate. Can you explain why those topics were brought up? And also in light of the release of that photo. And she also said there were substantive questions yesterday too. But one reason there were repetitive questions about Epstein is because we went through every email and every correspondence that implied Hillary Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein communicated often. You all have seen the email where he said that she looks better in person and all of that. Those were questions we asked. So every item of evidence that would suggest Hillary Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein had a close relationship, we went and asked about that. So it may have seen repetitive because there was a lot of documentation that would suggest that she had a relationship with Epstein. So go ahead. Secretary Clinton actually asked about the NDAA. Sorry. Go ahead. To be clear, Secretary Clinton actually asked us about what happened with the disclosure language in the NDAA. So I mean, I know she's trying to pivot from the fact that she's here and she had a very close relationship regarding the Clinton Foundation and Epstein and Maxwell. But the point is, and I think I'd like to hit on this with probably Miss Mase here, but I think we have a very important interest and curiosity about what specifically the co-conspirators had a role in all this, right? We know for a fact that some of these were women. And I think that today, at least with my line of questioning, I'm curious about that. Why is it that these women were giving plea deals as adults for trafficking minors? How much of that did they witness, etc.? And so, you know, I don't know that Secretary Clinton was all that honest about the context of this investigation. We asked extensively about intelligence ties, whether or not she felt that she was targeted as a result of possibly an intelligence gathering operation. And she was very curiously interested in that. And then also you'll hear it in the response, but had told us to follow up with a few countries, one of which is our ally. So that's interesting. I think Miss Luna brought up a good point about the Clinton Foundation. There's so many examples in the evidence the Department of Justice released and correspondence where Epstein bragged about how involved he was initially in setting up the Clinton Global Initiative and the Clinton Foundation. We asked those questions to Secretary Clinton yesterday, and she kept saying, well, she was in the Senate at that time. She wasn't focused on it. You'll have to ask my husband. And so a lot of the Clinton Global Initiative questions yesterday went unanswered because Miss Clinton deferred to her husband. So we'll do one more question. Annie, go ahead. It's our understanding that you guys asked Secretary Clinton yesterday about photos of her husband in the Epstein files. What was her reaction when you showed various photos, for example, of her husband in the kazoo that we've seen? I'm going to let. I'm going to let Miss Mase answer that. We're on TV. OK, I got I'm not going to say anything. No, she didn't want to answer any questions about any of that and deferred most of those, if not all of those questions to her husband. And he will be thoroughly asked about that today. You know, what did he know when he know what he see? Because there are other people who've come forward publicly, like Kevin Spacey, who thought all of this was very strange and actually a very high risk for president of the United States or former president. It's all very bizarre, but I asked her very pointed questions and you'll see that in the transcript in the video that comes out and you'll see how she responded as well. Screaming and we'll close with this. We're going to we're going to get the video out as quickly as we can get it uploaded in the sound