up over and over again in the Epstein files, but he says that their, quote, brief acquaintance ended years before Epstein's crimes became public, telling the committee in his opening statement, I had no idea of the crimes Epstein was committing. No matter how many photos you show me, I know what I saw and more importantly, what I didn't see. I know what I did and more importantly, what I didn't do. I saw nothing and I did nothing wrong, says former President Bill Clinton, House Oversight Chairman James Comer says that the committee is not accusing the Clintons of wrongdoing, but it was a long battle to get to this moment, watch. It took seven months, seven months to get the Clintons in here, but we've got them in here and we look forward to answering, to asking lots of questions that I think any curious media outlet in America would have. Yesterday, Ms. Clinton deferred a lot of questions to her husband today. Republicans have now set a new precedent, which is to bring in presidents and former presidents to testify. So we're once again going to make that call that we did yesterday. We are now asking and demanding that President Trump officially come in and testify in front of the over section. So chief congressional correspondent Chad Pergron reporting live from Chappaqua, outside where all of this is happening. Hi, Chad. Martha, good afternoon. Never before has a president undergone questioning a decision by a congressional committee under a subpoena. Now that changed this morning. Bill Clinton knew and traveled with Jeffrey Epstein. There is no allegation of wrongdoing by Bill Clinton, but Democrats say this is all a distraction from dealing with President Trump. But let's be real. We are talking to the wrong president today. President Trump is the one who has not released two and a half million files. President Trump is the one who is blocking our investigation. President Trump is the one who wants us to go away, but it will not go away. Now here is Bill Clinton's statement to the committee this morning. Even with 2020 hindsight, I saw nothing that ever gave me pause. We are only here because he hid it from everyone so well for so long. And by the time it came to light with his 2008 guilty plea, I had long stopped associating with him. Now we're also learning about Hillary Clinton's testimony yesterday. Florida Republican Anna Paulina Luna suggested there may have been an effort by a U.S. ally to target the Clintons. She said Epstein was running a, quote, honeypot operation. I don't know that Secretary Clinton was all that honest about the context of this investigation. We asked extensively about intelligence ties, whether or not she felt that she was targeted as a result of possibly an intelligence-gathering operation. And she was very curiously interested in that. Also one Republican said Hillary Clinton lost her cool and was combative with the committee when asked tough questions. Miss Mays, what do you mean that Hillary Clinton was screaming? She was unhinged, and I hope that President Clinton is less unhinged today than his wife was yesterday. You'll see it. Now the public can judge for itself when the video and transcript comes out perhaps over the weekend. The deposition will probably go until this evening. Back to you. OK, Chad, thank you very much. Constitutional attorney Jonathan Turley pointing out that being mentioned in the Epstein files does not mean that someone did something wrong. And we have seen that in this case today. This is exactly what Bill Clinton is claiming, that he did nothing wrong in this situation. He wrote, this is Jonathan Turley writing in The Hill, on The Hill in December, quote, everyone loves gotcha stories, exposing celebrities. It doesn't matter that the conduct being exposed might be entirely legal and unrelated to any underlying crime. The result is guilt by association without context as to what that association amounted to in any given case. Jonathan Turley is also a George Washington University law professor, Fox News contributor, and author of Rage and the Republican. He joins me now. Jonathan, you know, I think I really recommend that piece to everyone, because it's easy to get sucked into sort of the salacious nature of this and the photos that everyone is seeing and to read into them what may or may not be there. But you have a lot of experience with President Bill Clinton having testified at his impeachment trial about how it should be approached constitutionally. Your thoughts on this process, this is not a legal process that we're watching today or listening to today. Well, thank you, Martha. I think you're absolutely correct. You know, it is troubling that we have discarded all of these protections. We just had a member, Ro Khanna, who rather theatrically revealed the names of four men that he said were being hidden and protected by the Department of Justice. Turns out they were in the files. They had nothing to do with Epstein. And so that's part of the danger here, is that these are files that are often raw. And grand jury testimony is often raw, sort of scooping up everything there is to sort of filter through it. So we have to keep that in mind. And also we also keep in mind that no one is suggesting that President Clinton committed a crime here. And there have been layers of prosecutors that have looked at this evidence and none of them have brought charges against him. Now for critics, this is a rather predictable approach. They're gonna view the Performance Arts Center to be an appropriate place here for the deposition. Because it does seem like he's sort of adopting the Sergeant Schultz defense and saying, I saw nothing, nothing, which is a predictable defense to be made. It could also happen to be true. So, you know, we did have, most of these facts come out after 2008. The critics will point out that Maxwell, the Chief Lieutenant or Associate of Epstein, was rather prominently at the wedding of Chelsea Clinton after these allegations were known by many. But none of that amounts to evidence that there was any direct wrongdoing by President Clinton. Yeah, and as I believe you pointed out, there were, I think, six attorney generals to the United States who have had access to these files, who looked at these cases as part of the Department of Justice investigations. And as heinous and awful as the actions of this man appear, and, you know, we've heard a lot from people who say that they were victimized by him, we do not have a direct line of accusation from them to these individuals, not to Bill Clinton, as far as we have seen and not to President Trump either. President Trump commented on this whole thing again today when he was asked to watch. I don't like seeing him propose, but, you know, they certainly went after me a lot more than that. I don't like seeing him. I like him. I like him. And I don't like seeing him propose. You know, from that perspective, as a president of the United States, watching a former president of the United States go through this, and as President Trump pointed out, he's been the subject of a lot of investigation himself, and your thoughts on that is a big picture, Jonathan. Well, this is an unprecedented moment, as Chad pointed out, of a president being brought in on, former president being brought in under subpoena, not exactly willingly. It took a lot to get them, and very close to a contempt vote. But, you know, there are still questions that we want to hear some answers to. There were some witnesses that contradicted President Clinton's denial of being on the island. There's no direct proof that he was on the island. It's important that the island apparently did have evidence or pictures that a person would have understood what this person's proclivities were, and his abuses were from the interior of that island dwelling. But at the end of the day, we'll have to see how he does that, but it does sound like he's going to be denying knowledge and denying wrongdoing, and there's not a lot of contra-veiling evidence to suggest that that's a lie. Yeah. Here he is way back when, when you were involved in the impeachment process in terms of laying out the constitutional foundations of this, just to give everybody a little bit of a peek back. Watch this. I want you to listen to me. I'm going to say this again. I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Ms. Lewinsky. I never told anybody to lie, not a single time, never. These allegations are false. Indeed, I did have a relationship with Ms. Lewinsky that was not appropriate. In fact, it was wrong. Yeah, that takes me right back, Jonathan, and it does undermine the credibility, and I'm sure it does you too. The questions of credibility, you know, when people empower, you know, when Bill Clinton says this, and then today he says, I didn't do anything wrong, I don't remember anything, you know, these things hang around a person. Well, they do. I mean, President Clinton lied. A federal judge said he effectively committed perjury. That does not give you a good foundation to going into another deposition. The greatest threat to Clinton today is himself of being too clever by half. Jonathan Turley, constitutional law professor, fresh out of class. Thank you for joining us today, and good to see you as always. It was fun watching those old videos of you as well. Thank you very much. Good to see you, Jonathan. Thank you. We've got a busy two hours coming up, so stay tuned in a lot of breaking news to watch for. On that note, let's bring in our Fox News Sunday anchor, our chief legal correspondent, Shannon Bream. Shannon, great to have you here to react to all that news. Oh, my goodness. That was amazing. Yeah, so our team is trying to cut the sound that we just heard from President Trump a moment ago. Okay, we've got a quick turnaround here. President Trump was just asked about Bill Clinton's deposition, and he said this. I don't like seeing him depose, but, you know, they certainly went after me a lot more than that. I don't like him. I like him. I like him. I don't like seeing him depose. This says Bill Clinton's opening statement posted on XShannon, but even with 2020 hindsight, I saw nothing that ever gave me pause. We are only here because he hid it from everyone so well for so long, and by the time it came to light with this 2008 guilty plea, I had long stopped associating with him. Interesting to hear the president react and sort of come to his defense and say, I don't like to see this happening. Yeah, and he had been asked, the question was, does it set a precedent? And so every sitting president's got to think about that. Does this mean I'm going to be looped into this? Because we have a number of Democrat members of the House now saying, oh, we're going to try to get him. We want his deposition as well. I think there's some part of President Trump that would like to defend himself because he says, I've got nothing to hide. But just about every legal person on his team would probably tell him, don't do it. Yeah. Here's a little bit more of what we heard from that presser today. This is Rep. Comer speaking about how Hillary deferred a lot of her questions to her husband. Listen. Yesterday, Ms. Clinton deferred a lot of questions to her husband today. There were at least a dozen times when she said, you'll have to ask my husband that. I can't answer that. So we already had a big portfolio of questions for him. And that increased yesterday. Interesting. I know. It's almost like a little bit of the heat shifting off from him to her. And she was able to say, with plausible deniability, I didn't have this relationship with him. I'm not on the plane. I'm not on the island, any of that. But we know there's a lot of public information about President Clinton, his own office admitting, yes, they're flight logs. He flew with him. There are pictures. There are the pictures we have questions about, like the hot tub and the pool and what's all that. I mean, they definitely were very friendly. But the former president says that's pre-2008. And I don't know anything about the wrongdoing. Really interesting. I also want to ask you about the news from the president just a few moments ago as we see the chopper and activity there about to depart for JBA. He said Iran is they're not happy with the way Iran is negotiating. As we head into a very uncertain weekend, Shannon, I'll get your thoughts on this. You know, they're not certain they can avoid a long drawn out conflict. They're not getting there. President Trump said to Peter Ducey when he was asked about this, what is your thinking about what we're hearing about these negotiations as they head into this fourth round of talks? Yes. So we're told there are going to be talks again in Vienna. But it's clear there's a ratcheting up of where we are, obviously with our military assets in the region. But also this conversation. I thought it was interesting that Vice President Vance said to the Washington Post, no way, when they were asked about a prolonged conflict. We know that's something our allies and partners in the region have been very worried about, that this would spread beyond just that pinpoint if you go into Iran. So a lot of questions about where you go next. But the president, he's been breached by the head of U.S. CENTCOM. We